[suspenseful music]
[wooshing]
Nasse, let him go!
What are you doing?
If I run, Saki's dead!
You aren't running, Mirai!
If you die, it really
will be all over.
I can't go along with that,
even if you're okay with it.
Choosing to die is the
same as committing suicide.
You said it yourself, Mirai.
It's the most miserable
way a person can die.
Nasse?
It appears Muni was
right all along.
What now?
[Mirai gasps]
Nasse!
Mirai!
--Are you all right?
--It's Nasse!
[Nasse] I'm really
sorry, Mirai...
As of this moment
I've been demoted
to second-rank.
[opening theme music]
[Yazeli] Second-rank?
I'm afraid so.
When your candidate's
about to fail to become God
and then you intervene,
that's the penalty you pay.
[Nasse] My capabilities
have now been restricted.
Because I've been
demoted to second-rank,
I can only give you
a Red Arrow or Wings.
Please choose which of those
you'd like to keep.
It's either Wings,
or a Red Arrow?
Without your Wings, you
can't evade Yoneda's attacks.
Give up your Red Arrow.
If I do that, you and Ms. Yumiki
will immediately lose
your Wings and Arrows.
You need to worry
about yourself!
You're a God
candidate, you know!
I don't need to fly anymore.
Nasse, I'll keep my Red Arrow.
Very well.
I shall now take the rings
for both your White
Arrow and Wings.
[glass shattering]
[Nasse gasps]
Sorry, Mirai.
Apparently you'll die if
I save you one more time.
[Yoneda] This is working
out better than I thought.
Things can now proceed
according to plan.
Not only has Red lost the White
Arrow he needs to kill me,
now he can't even
fly by himself.
Tell me, Nakaumi, have
you killed Yellow?
No, sir, not yet.
Good.
Hoshi, release Red.
If you don't do it, I really
will kill Yellow this time.
--What's going on?
--Red's as good as dead.
--If he runs, Yellow will die.
--So that's it.
He hasn't got any choice.
Come on.
Please put me down.
I can't.
You know as well as I do,
Yoneda will kill you
the moment that happens.
I won't stand there
and watch you die.
[Mirai] Then set me down
and fly off somewhere.
Don't do this.
[Nakaumi] If Red takes off,
I have to shoot Yellow
with my White Arrow.
But that won't happen.
The professor is sure to kill
Red in the next few minutes.
What if he doesn't, though?
I don't need to think.
I just need to follow the
professor's instructions.
All the God candidates
have to die.
I guess at this point,
all you can do is pray that
Mr. Hoshi puts Red down, right?
That's not true at all.
The fact of the matter is,
I don't want Red to die,
even if it means my own death.
I'm jealous.
Just how deeply attached
are you two lovebirds?
However, I don't
want to die, either.
I want to live and be happy.
Mirai feels the same way.
His whole goal in life is
to live and find happiness.
I learned that from him.
And if we're in sync on that,
then I assume he must also
have a strong desire to live.
Shut up!
At this moment, it doesn't
matter if you both want to live!
Listen, Nakaumi, you can't
take somebody's life.
What are you talking about?
He's already taken
plenty of lives.
Those people all wanted to die.
He hasn't killed anyone
who wants to live.
Hold on a minute!
Don't forget, the professor
shot him with a Red Arrow!
That means, if he's told to
kill somebody, he's gonna do it!
--He won't.
--What?
[Saki] If you use a
Red Arrow on someone
and tell them to die,
they still have to want to.
And since Nakaumi gives
more consideration
to the lives of others
than to his own,
killing someone
who wants to live
would be extremely
difficult for him.
That's because
Nakaumi's a kind boy.
In the end, he just
wanted to help people
who were suffering.
He did it by using his Red Arrow
on people who sought death,
and showing them the way.
[Nakaumi] Shut up!
If you don't stop talking,
I'll kill all of you!
Do it.
Go ahead, kill me, even
though I don't want to die.
Kill me and tell the professor
you didn't hesitate
to follow his orders.
Then, at the very least,
Mirai won't have to die.
Saki!
Fine.
[tense music]
Are you ready?
Mirai, think about this.
Even if Saki dies, you'll
eventually get over it.
[Nasse gasps]
Don't make me say it again.
I won't allow Saki to die,
just because I said
I'd become God.
There's no way I'll ever
be able to find happiness
if I get Saki killed.
No way at all?
[Mirai] Absolutely.
All right, then, tell
me this, is dying here
the thing that would make
you happiest right now?
No, it wouldn't, not at all.
But Saki dying
would be even worse.
And since I can't
think of a way out,
it's the better
of my two options.
That's awful.
I'm sorry.
The reason I came here
in the first place
was to make you happy, but
it looks like I failed.
It's all right.
The fact is, I got to experience
happiness lots of times,
all because you saved my life.
How long are you going to
keep nattering up there?
Don't tell me I have
to start a countdown.
Mr. Hoshi, do you
understand now?
Yes, Mirai.
So...
Goodbye, kid.
[Mirai] I could deflect his
White Arrow with my Red,
then shoot him with it.
No, that won't work, I
don't have Wings anymore.
No matter what I try, if
I fail to pull it off,
Saki will die.
Saki...
[crowd gasps]
--He vanished!
--Did he run?
Saki!
How did you?
You surprised?
Yellow?
Yumiki! Nakaumi!
[Announcer] In a surprise move,
the God candidates who
were dismissed earlier,
have now returned!
What's going on here?
Even though you shot this
boy with a Red Arrow,
Nakaumi can't kill
people who want to live.
Yoneda, you've gone to
such extreme lengths
to avoid interacting
with people.
You appear to lack the ability
to understand how others feel.
Professor, I'm sorry.
I may be capable
of a mutual kill
to prevent the birth
of the creature,
but I'm not able to eliminate
the other God candidates.
Mutual kill?
They intended to kill
all the God candidates.
Then they were going
to kill each other.
That way, no new
God would be born.
I expected this.
And I've prepared a plan
for this exact scenario.
To start, I'll be taking back
that White Arrow
I gave you, Nakaumi.
What's the matter?
--[Mirai gasps]
--Die!
Professor!
What the?
Nasse, why did you interfere?
If the professor dies, we win!
[Woman] Huh, did the professor
almost die just then?
[Man] He did vanish
for a second.
Then he reappeared
off to the side.
The truth is,
you don't want the professor
to die, right Mirai?
Nasse.
Wait a minute, didn't
you say Mirai would die
if you touched a God
candidate to save them?
What's going on?
[Nasse gasps]
Mirai, look!
I've been restored
to special-rank!
I see, the difference
this time is,
it wasn't Nasse's own God
candidate who was saved.
Which means she got promoted
back to her old rank,
instead of being
demoted further.
Honestly, it seems like
everything Nasse does
is unprecedented.
Here, you get 'em back.
Your Wings and
White Arrow, Mirai.
Thanks, but I don't need them.
Amazing, I would've
died just now
if that angel hadn't
swooped in and saved me.
[Announcer]
Professor Yoneda said
"I would've died just now
if that angel hadn't
swooped in and saved me."
What angel?
[Man] So he really
did almost die.
[Woman] By a White Arrow?
--Did Red do it?
--No.
I think it was Ms. Temari.
[Yoneda] I guess an angel saved
my life for a second time.
Nakaumi, why did you betray me?
I didn't, professor.
I still think you're
right about this.
He's telling the truth.
I kinda tricked him into
giving me his White Arrow.
[dramatic music]
[Saki] Nakaumi?
I can't kill you.
[Saki] Thank you.
[Temari] Get these
things off of me.
All right, she did
it, that was close.
[Yumiki] We need
to get back there.
Hold on, before we go...
Sorry, but I don't trust you.
So let me hold on
to your White Arrow.
It'll be better for
everyone involved.
I continue to think
you're right, Professor.
But we have to remember
that it's just a thought.
An idea.
People still have
freedom of choice.
They can decide how much stock
they're willing to
put in your theory.
I decided if someone
wanted to live
then it would be wrong
for me to end their life,
for someone else's ideas.
[Yoneda] Ever since I identified
myself as a God candidate,
no, ever since I
gained media exposure,
I've been prepared to die.
You're prepared to die just
'cause people saw your face?
I can't get any followers,
even though I'm always promoting
myself on social media.
Oh, did you lose female fans?
The professor just wants
to conduct his
research undisturbed.
Are you saying that's a problem
unique to genius scholars?
Yes, it is.
[Yoneda] There's no
such thing as a genius.
Hm?
I realize now, I've been a fool.
What you call genius never
describes the person themselves.
It actually refers to the
person's achievements.
It's foolish to assume someone
is capable of something,
while criticizing them
for not making the
attempt to follow through.
That's completely true!
I get pissed off when people
expect me to do something
just because I can!
It should be my decision!
That's actually a valid
interpretation, Temari.
You should remember this.
That which is truly
omnipotent and evil
doesn't show itself, it's
effective no matter what.
You're kind of
arrogant, professor.
It's hard to agree with you
when you use phrases
like remember this.
It's just bluster.
It's a manner of
speaking I adopted
over my years as a
professor emeritus,
I'm not even aware
when I'm doing it.
A foolish trait of mine.
Professor, there's no way
you're a foolish person.
You've achieved
important things!
That makes you a genius.
He's won the Nobel Prizes
for Literature and
Physics, you know.
And I hear he's about to
win the one for Medicine.
I just read that his books
have sold over a
billion copies so far.
That's proof enough.
[crowd murmuring]
[Yoneda] I have to admit,
all of you are right.
Because I avoided
interacting with others,
I don't understand
how people feel.
I have no-one to love.
I substituted my
lack of experience,
with papers on psychology,
and pretended to understand
what I was talking about.
I am a fool, and also a coward.
Obviously, I shouldn't have
gotten involved with you.
The way I went about it was
wrong from the beginning.
The false angels before me
should more appropriately
be called demons.
I never got around
to killing myself.
Muni convinced me I could reveal
the workings of the
God selection process,
and expose the
truth to humanity.
So I became a God candidate.
I couldn't resist
getting involved
after seeing all of you.
Nothing's changed, though.
Now is the time for
humanity to accept the fact
that there is no 'God'
in the traditional sense.
I need that acknowledged...
That alone will satisfy me.
Then you can do with
me as you see fit.
[Nakaumi] Professor.
It's possible that people
can only find happiness
through others.
Not by comparing
themselves to others.
You say you did
this for yourself,
but ultimately you
did it for humanity.
I have Saki, someone
I want to protect.
Who I'd give my life to protect,
if it ever came to that.
Far as I'm concerned,
that's happiness.
I just want to say,
I'm sorry for all the
trouble I've caused.
If it's true that happiness
can only be achieved
through other people,
then it's important that we
never cause trouble for them.
As a result, I really
only have one option left.
I have to kill myself.
And then you can become
the creature, Red.
--What was that?
--He's going to kill himself?
--No way!
--That makes no sense!
He can't be serious!
Professor!
There must be some other
way forward for you here!
If so, I don't see it.
I was willing to do
anything to prove my theory
that there is no God.
I clung to the idea of
not birthing a creature.
I tried to reach the truth
by ultimately causing the demise
of all the God candidates.
My obsession with death
was all-consuming.
I was such a fool.
My life was saved
twice by angels.
I'll become the creature
and do everything I can
to tell you the truth!
Let me do this for
you, professor!
If you remember, after
talking it over earlier,
we did all agree to the idea
of Nakaumi becoming God.
I'm fine with it.
Temari, have you forgotten
that the professor shot
Nakaumi with a Red Arrow?
Hmm, I thought a person
shot with a Red Arrow
couldn't be forced
to become God.
While Professor Yoneda
maintains his stance
that no God should be birthed,
Shuji Nakaumi can still
agree to become God
by volunteering to
fill the position.
In this situation,
the Arrow is irrelevant.
All right, Ogaro!
That means your partner
Nakaumi's going to become God!
One thing to remember
is that God cannot communicate
anything to humans.
Once the selection
process is over
we can't talk to our partners.
Still, some things can
continue to be conveyed
without direct communication.
Understand this.
You have the capacity
to eventually discover the
truth about everything.
[Yoneda] Looking back,
I refuse to believe
Muni was lying to me.
I wonder if this is
all part of a plan.
Nakaumi, are you sure
you're okay with this?
Yes.
All right, then
I will become God.
Are you all in agreement?
--Mm-hm.
--Yes.
--I'm onboard.
--Indeed.
[Announcer] Um, a
decision has been reached.
The new God will be
13-year-old Shuji Nakaumi.
[Man] Seriously?
[Man] A middle-school
kid's going to be God?
--That's not right.
--This sucks!
[wings flapping]
[suspenseful music]
What's going on, the sky-
--Our Wings have disappeared.
--And our Arrows, too!
Mr. Hoshi and
Ms. Yumiki are frozen.
[Nakaumi] Except for
the God candidates,
I've erased the
selection process
from everyone's memories.
Look at that, he
really did become God.
He's a creature.
Before I continue on,
I have a question for
the assembled candidates.
Do any of you want to
keep your memories intact
of the selection process
and of the experience of
being a God candidate?
Professor, you'll ensure that
I can lead a life of luxury
from this point on?
I never go back on my word.
You won't want for
anything in this life.
In that case,
I don't need to remember
this horrifying experience.
Under the circumstances,
I believe it will be
in my best interest
to retain my memories.
And besides, if I
don't keep them,
I won't have any idea
as to what occurred,
and why I'm
supporting Ms. Temari.
Well then, better hold onto
those memories, professor,
--they're critical!
--Obviously.
As for me, I don't
ever want to forget
what I learned during
the selection process.
And as regards the dreams
of the dead God candidates,
I'll be wanting to hold
onto them, as well.
Plus everyone else who died.
I want my memories, too.
It shall be done.
That is all I have at this time.
Farewell.
[dramatic music]
--Huh, Hoshi?
--Ms. Yumiki.
--What, huh?
--Yoneda?
I'm right here.
What's happened, where am I?
It's October 10th?
How did I even
get to this place?
Uh, and what's this all about?
You are the first assistant
in the Professor
Emeritus's laboratory
of the Department of
Biological Sciences
in Tokyo University's Science
and Engineering department.
Yeah?
Well, I guess I'll have to
take your word for that.
I'm a STEM girl?
At Tokyo University?
Not bad.
You ready?
Yeah.
[soft music]
So this is Heaven, huh? [groans]
The creature, I can feel
it's infested my body.
[closing theme music]